# Switch Witch

“Burn the witch!”, people are screaming and marching like armies. To protect their home, the witch needs to pick up the magic that they’ve sworn to never use again. The player must think carefully and plan ahead because their strength only allows them to switch the enemy formations (united army from three kingdoms) several times. The player has got to scramble them up and foil the their plan! 

A game developed by Nintendon't for CS 4152/5152 at Cornell University.

Our game is a light strategy game that will be released on iOS on May 21st 2022.

## Current Progress

### Gameplay Prototype

The objective of this gameplay prototype is to play and test the core swapping and attacking mechanism of our game. Our prototype successfully implemented all the models, the views for attacks and replacement as well as the input controls of swapping. The level is currently  generated by random. Players are initially assigned five swaps to kill units on a 5x5 boards with as many special attacks as possible to achieve a higher score. 

## **Nintendon’t** Team

**Maxim Baduk** - User Research Lead - mb2474@cornell.edu

**Nicholas Broussard** - Music, Programmer - [nrb74@cornell.edu](mailto:nrb74@cornell.edu)

**Lingjia Li** - Software Lead - [ll587@cornell.edu](mailto:ll587@cornell.edu)

**Sirius Liu** - Artist, UX Designer - [yl756@cornell.edu](mailto:yl756@cornell.edu)

**Liam Riley** - Programmer - [lrr42@cornell.edu](mailto:lrr42@cornell.edu)

**Arthur Tan** - Project Lead - [dt398@cornell.edu](mailto:dt398@cornell.edu)

**Jiayi Tang** - Design Lead - [jt656@cornell.edu](mailto:jt656@cornell.edu)

**Hedy Yang** - Software Lead - [hy378@cornell.edu](mailto:hy378@cornell.edu)

**Ashley Yu**  - Programmer, UX Designer - [yy346@cornell.edu](mailto:yy346@cornell.edu)

**Yihan Zhang** - Programmer - [yz476@cornell.edu](mailto:yz476@cornell.edu)

## Acknowledgements

Thanks to the [Game Design Initiative at Cornell University](https://gdiac.cis.cornell.edu/) for providing the Cornell University Game Library (CUGL) used for this project.

## Copyright

Copyright © 2022 Nintendon't
All Rights Reserved
